# Upgrade-Capstone-Project
Upgrade Capstone Project ( Credit_Card_Fraud_Prediction):- A credit card is one of the most used financial products to make online purchases and payments. Though the Credit cards can be a convenient way to manage your finances, they can also be risky. Credit card fraud is the unauthorized use of someone else's credit card or credit card information to make purchases or withdraw cash. It is important that credit card companies are able to recognize fraudulent credit card transactions so that customers are not charged for items that they did not purchase. The dataset contains transactions made by credit cards in September 2013 by European cardholders. This dataset presents transactions that occurred in two days, where we have 492 frauds out of 284,807 transactions. The dataset is highly unbalanced, the positive class (frauds) account for 0.172% of all transactions. We have to build a classification model to predict whether a transaction is fraudulent or not. The purpose of this dataset is to identify the fraudlent transactions to protect the customers and their bussiness. Firstly, we identify that how our dataset looks as how many rows and columns, checking the missing value, perform descripitive analysis and data visualization. As this dataset is highly imbalanced so we perform "Undersampling" and than "Oversampling" as we also use various models such as accuracy_score, precesion_score, recall_score, f1_score and split the dataset into train set and test set as we save the model and deployed the model.
